ISSA DEE: I spent my entire
twenties with a dude
that I'm not even gonna
end up with.
I'm breaking up with him
tonight.
-No you're not.
-Yeah, you right, I'm not.
Of course I'm not.
ISSA: I'm 28.
I work in the non-profit world
because I like to give back.
Why aren't you married?
I'm just not right now.
MOLLY CARTER:
Most of these dudes are not
looking for a relationship.
Her standards are way too high.
Yeah, maybe she should
lower them like I did.
Wait, what the fuck?
Why'd you never give me a shot?
Because you wanted to go
do your thing.
Maybe I wasn't ready then.
What if I'm ready now?
Who's Daniel?
What we did was a mistake.
-A mistake?!
-Lawrence, please!
(DOOR SLAMS)
♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
Girl, will you hurry
your slow-walking ass up?
It's my sexy walk.
Can you teach me how to ho?
I am all about my ho-tation.
(BOTH GRUNT)
-MOLLY: We should probably stop.
-DRO: Why? It's cool.
He said he and Candice
are in an open marriage.
I thought that was
some white-people shit.
FRIEDA:
This school's 86 percent Latino.
The attendance doesn't
reflect that.
I'm the one that's
on the hook for this?
I'm gonna do what I have to do.
We need to reevaluate
having you out in the field.
I'm sorry for not being
who you expected me to be.
Bye, Iss.
I'm, uh-- moving.
Honestly I wanna live by myself.
Bitch, where?!
You ain't got no money!
I didn't mean to come
at you like that,
but a bitch try a bitch!
I'm sleeping on the couch.
I know.
( music playing )
( female singer vocalizing )
♪ Spinning, spinning,
round and round ♪
♪ Stick, sticky,
off the ground ♪
( passionate moaning,
screaming )
( moaning continues )
( passionate screaming )
( screaming )
( phone buzzing )
( moaning, screaming resumes )
♪ Then I look stupid,
call me foolish ♪
♪ But I'll do whatever ♪
♪ What did you do? ♪
♪ Got me confused ♪
♪ Spinning, spinning,
round and round ♪
♪ Sticky, sticky,
off the ground ♪
♪ Why won't you love me now? ♪
Hi. Elijah?
That's my name,
don't wear it--
- ( vomiting )
- No! Not in the--
( pop song playing )
Here you go, gorgeous.
Thank you, Louis.
You've really been spoiling me
these last couple of days.
Well, I was gonna spoil you
a little bit more
in the morning,
but you were gone
when I woke up.
You know,
it's the last day.
I had to get
this good spot
on the beach.
Look, um...
this doesn't have to end.
I'll be in L.A.
in a few weeks.
Oh. You got a visa?
I'm from Cincinnati.
( laughs )
Oh. Sorry.
( zips zipper )
Hey, did you know
I was here last night?
Yeah.
OK. ( murmurs )
Hey. Joann wants someone
to make these check-in calls.
And you're not gonna do 'em.
Nah.
What's with all the cross-outs?
Something about
schools firing us
or something like that.
No one cares.
( dial tone )
( dialing )
( line ringing )
Hi, this is Issa
from We Got Y'All--
Yep, I'll hold.
- Ken, did you follow up on--
- I got it.
You always do.
My go-to guy.
Hey. Just checking in.
It's my first call,
so haven't messed up yet.
Sorry.
You know I hate
having to spy,
but she's insisting.
Hey, have you had a chance
to talk to Joanne
about when I might be
back in the field?
No.
She has been so stressed
and negative lately,
it's like, "OK, Noanne."
( chuckles )
You know,
I just started my new position,
and I don't feel comfortable
rocking the boat right now.
- I'm sorry.
- No, yeah.
♪ I'm ♪
♪ Baby, baby ♪
♪ Baby, your baby ♪
♪ Baby, baby, baby-- ♪
Where the fuck
you find these people, brah?
No matter how she sounds,
you can fix all that.
Add some extra instruments.
Focus on the lyrics.
- OK.
- ♪ No me ♪
♪ Hell, no,
don't touch me there ♪
- ( continues, muffled )
- ( turns off monitor )
I'm done hooking you up.
All these weak-ass artists.
And you got me paying
for this shit out of my pocket.
Bro, it's gonna pay off
in other ways.
You know, Spyder's her cousin.
- Lies, nigga.
- Bro, for real.
For real? I been trying
to get my shit to that nigga.
That's what I'm sayin'.
I got you.
( pants crinkling )
So, what y'all think?
I never heard
anything like it.
I do be writin' sometimes.
( crinkling )
- I bought her those pants.
- ( turns on monitor )
♪ Baby, my baby, baby ♪
♪ Baby, baby, baby ♪
Hi, my name is Molly,
I enjoy a silent ride.
So please shut the fuck up
and drive.
Bitch, if you don't
get your ass up here...
( both laugh )
Hi! Welcome back!
- Mwah!
- OK, I see you!
- Like a brown, crispy M&M.
- Ooh.
Speaking of which,
would you like
some complimentary candy?
No, I'm good, thank you.
( sniffs )
No shade,
but your car
still smells like throw-up.
Trust, my rating
will reflect all of this.
Don't care. I did one ride,
and I Lyfted up
outta here.
I am not
about that life.
Girl, I don't blame you.
Quit that shit.
You need a break.
Girl, a break where?
We can't all switch jobs
and take vacations.
That reminds me. I wanted
to bring you some vacation dick,
- but I got you this instead.
- Sand?
It reminded me
of your dry-ass pussy.
Bitch, I'm not gonna
tell you nothin' else.
So, he's fuckin' bitches
right in front of you?
- Not right  in front.
- That's fucked up.
He knows y'all go back.
You sure
y'all not doin' nothin'?
'Cause you be lying.
According to
my sandy-ass pussy:
No, bitch.
I'm just focused on
getting this money
so I can get up
outta there.
And it's been
two weeks already.
You should've just
stayed with me.
Nah, girl. Remember that week
I stayed with you back in '05?
( sighs )
Just say you broke my vase,
and we're cool.
It was broke
when I got there!
( phone buzzing )
OK, I don't need
your side-eye.
( mumbling )
Front-eye.
Let me tell you right now.
This whole vacation
put everything
in perspective for me.
- I'm on some next-level shit.
- I'm listening.
So vacation bae
was trying to kick it
with me in L.A.,
and I had to put him
in his lane.
"Bloop! You beach dick."
Quentin was trying to do
some long-distance shit,
and I said, "Blip!
Stay in Chicago."
And my new job
was trying to front
on my benefits,
and I said, "Blam!
You better give a bitch a PPO."
So you bloopin' and blippin'
and blappin'?
And blammin', bitch.
I'm on some
"know better, do better" shit.
- That's dope.
- Mm-hmm.
I feel like my whole life
is on some tip-toe shit
right now.
Like, I can't speak up
about anything.
You know you can always
talk to me, right?
- Yeah.
- Uh-huh.
So hey, you gonna
"know better, do better"
with your boyfriend Dro?
Fuck buddy. Blip!
He has a wife. Blap.
It's not like that
with us anymore.
Whatever,
I hate that nigga now. Bloop!
See? You don't even
do it right.
So you just gonna act like
you didn't break my vase?
I didn't do shit
to your vase!
OK.
Just admit that women
have it harder than men
and our bet is off.
- ( all talking )
- ( laugh track plays )
Open up.
Oh! Oh! Oh, no! Oh!
( sniffing )
Do I smell bougie pigeon?
Kev'yn:
Chris, what did I tell you
about comin' in my house
through the fridge?
Booya!
Don't make me
come over there!
- Hey.
- Hey, Lilian.
What up, Jada?
Uncle Daniel,
did you know--
Head down.
Guitar's in the closet.
Oh, and I have to be
on set tomorrow,
so I'm gonna need Jada
to stay at your spot.
What time?
'Cause you know, uh,
Issa's still there.
Damn!
How much longer?
Another two weeks.
What?
And, uh, ol' girl--
what's her name?
Vanessa? She ain't trippin'?
Why would she?
It's not like that.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, you're putting
way too much on it.
- That door closed.
- Who closed it?
- Oop.
- Jada. Stay out
of grown folk's business.
Head down.
I'm just sayin',
of all the places
she could've stayed,
she chose your spot.
Look, I just came here
for this guitar.
See y'all later. Mwah.
See you later. Mwah.
So who's gonna
watch Jada?
Issa or Vanessa?
Damn, girl,
I braided your hair
all kinds of wrong.
( beat playing )
( playing along with beat )
( beat continues )
Daniel:
Niggas, are you ready?
( humming along )
( turns off music )
- I was just, uh...
- You were just...
( laughs )
Nah. I didn't even
look like that.
Someone's been drinkin'.
I was--
I was stuck on something,
and then...
I got unstuck.
Actually, can I have
some of that?
Yeah.
( Daniel humming )
That's been you
playing guitar?
'Cause I noticed
the live instruments
on your track.
( chuckles )
- What?
- Nothin'. I mean...
that's just funny
that you noticed that.
I notice shit.
I'm observant.
( both laugh )
- Oh, you observant?
- Mm-hmm.
Close your eyes.
What color shirt
am I wearing?
Uh, it got stripes?
( both laugh )
Oh, I don't--
I'm sor-- Ah, I don't
think we should do this.
Um...
No, I just think we...
know better?
I'm confused, Issa.
Out of all the places
that you could've stayed,
you stayed with me.
Yeah, I did, but...
- not for this.
- But isn't it always this?
You were just low-key
dropping hints about me
fucking somebody else.
I don't care who you fuck.
I just want a heads-up
so I don't have to be here.
Why are you here?
'Cause I needed
a place to stay.
And you're close to work.
( laughs )
I thought I was staying here
as a friend,
and you know
we always at least had that.
Yeah.
These...
glasses are so heavy.
I'm tired. Is it...
daylight savings time?
Did that happen already?
( hip hop music playing )
( Molly panting )
Yeah... Yeah...
Oh, I missed you.
Shh-shh-shh-shh-shh-shh-shh.
♪ Wah-wah-wah-wah,
she gimme what I wanna ♪
What you got planned
today?
Mmm. I gotta call
with my new firm.
We're still
negotiating my contract.
Oh. OK,
Boss Molly.
Yep.
You want me
to make breakfast first?
- Ooh, yeah.
- Yeah?
- Mm-mm.
- ( phone buzzing )
Excuse me
one sec.
Hey.
No, I'm still at Molly's.
Yeah. OK.
All right,
I'll call you back.
I can make pancakes.
( sighs )
Listen, um,
we need to decide
whether we're friends
who don't  have sex,
or acquaintances
who just  have sex.
Because anything otherwise,
it's muddy,
and I need boundaries.
OK. All right.
What do you suggest
we do, then?
We fuck.
And that's it.
No phone calls, no dates,
no spending the night,
no fuckin', then trying
to make pancakes.
- But we love pancakes.
- Nigga.
Well...
OK.
Yeah.
That's fine.
Oh, you mean like now.
OK.
I'm so sorry to hear that,
Vice Principal Irving.
Can I ask why?
VP Irving:
We've decided to link up
with a different organization
that we feel better suits
our students.
And you know
your logo's racist, right?
Y'all need to do better.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for your feedback.
Hi, my name is Issa,
and I'm calling
from We Got Y'All.
I'd love to find out
why you're not partnering
with us anymore.
Man:
The brochure
features black kids,
but only one black employee.
That is... me.
Woman:
The curriculum
feels very Eurocentric,
and it isn't at all catered
to our demographics.
Woman 2:
Everyone you brought
to our school was white.
- And mean.
- OK. Thank you.
Issa:
And I'm not trying
to rock the boat,
but I thought
this was something
that you'd want to know.
And where did you get
this information?
I was hearing
a lot of criticism
during our follow-up calls,
and since our list
of canceled partnerships
seemed pretty high,
I thought it might be helpful
to call those schools.
No, Issa, it's not helpful.
If I wanted you
to speak on our behalf,
I would have left you
out in the field.
You keep overstepping
your bounds.
I'm sorry, I thought that--
Have you noticed
that every time
there's an issue here lately,
you're involved?
If you want to be helpful,
get to the root of that.
That's all.
OK, schedule of events...
and then
we're gonna do budgeting.
( phone buzzing )
♪ Can't stop, won't stop,
get guap ♪
♪ Ten white toes
in them toy flip-flops ♪
♪ Manicures and pedicures,
I'm always tip-top ♪
♪ When they say I'm not hot
all these lies need to stop ♪
♪ Cuz I'm icy, wifey,
haters wanna fight me ♪
♪ Never been the one
got RIP up on a white tee ♪
♪ Keep my hands clean, got some
hittas moving shiesty ♪
♪ Ask me if I'm rollin' with
some Gucci, bitch, I might be ♪
♪ It's very unlikely,
my wrist ain't lookin'... ♪
We said no calls.
I was just seeing
how negotiations went.
Yeah, they went fine.
They accepted all my terms.
That's what's up!
Molly, I'm so proud of you.
We gotta celebrate.
El Cholo's?
- Really, Dro?
- Come on.
Acquaintances celebrate.
( sighs )
- Mm-kay.
- All right, bet.
I'll meet you there at 9:00.
No. I'll meet you  there.
♪ You're no nothin' but,
you're no nothin' but ♪
♪ You're no nothin' but ♪
♪ You're no nothin' but,
you're no nothin' but ♪
♪ You're no nothin' but ♪
- Yo.
- Issa: You busy?
Ah, I got something later on,
but right now I'm free.
Why, what's up?
I gotta kill time
before I go home,
and don't you wanna ride
with me while I Lyft?
I thought you were
through with that shit.
I was,
but today I got time, cuz.
I don't wanna do it
by myself, and...
you know I can get snacks
and turn it into a Party Lyft.
Is that a thing?
It is, yeah.
Come on, please?
Please, please, please, please!
Please, please, please!
OK, listen, I got until--
Perfect, 'cause I'm outside!
- What?
- Hey.
♪ Party Lyft,
Party Lyft ♪ Ha!
Why do you gotta
be outta the house?
Daniel's got a girl over.
Damn, Daniel!
Back at it again
with the... fuckin'.
He gave me a heads-up,
so that's all I care about.
Hmm. OK.
- ( alert chimes )
- Issa: Oh!
Do we have a rider?
We are coming for you,
Erin plus one!
( both singing )
What you got in here?
Yas! A Capri Sun.
You know my heart.
No, girl, those are
for passengers only, so...
♪ Party Lyft, Party Lyft ♪
Partner, partner,
partner, partner, partner!
This party sucks.
( laughing )
- Girl, we gonna be late.
- We not gonna be late.
Hope there's a fine nigga
driving. I wanna be
a Twitter story.
Girl, you stay thirsty.
Hey! Party Lyft!
All:
Hey!
( French accent )
Capri Sun?
- Uh, yeah.
- Oh, you fancy.
- I am.
- What you ladies doin' tonight?
- Gettin' fucked up.
- Sounds about right!
( all laughing )
♪ I need a nigga
who won't... ♪
( song continues )
I love this song!
Y'all are goin'
to The Exchange?
Yup. I hope Hakeem
got a table.
Me too, 'cause I just
glued this heel back on,
I don't know how long
it's gonna stay.
Yo, look at
this nigga Instagram.
I can't tell
if he got a job.
If you got to ask...
He's supposed to be
gettin' us in tonight,
but I ain't heard back.
Girl, then why
are we in this Lyft?
Be optimistic.
( laughs )
( mouths words )
Molly:
You got your Capri Sun,
don't you?
- ( chimes )
- Hey! Five stars!
No tip, but five stars.
They said
I played good music
and reminded them
of their auntie.
I could see that.
I'm a good auntie.
All right, so who's next?
Ooh! Let's go
find the niggas!
Yeah, hold on.
Ooh, I found
a Jolly Rancher.
- You find any niggas?
- Hmm...
( chimes )
OK, Nathan with the face. Blam!
We about to come Lyft
yo fine ass. Look.
Uh, yes, we are.
( both laughing )
( hip hop music playing )
His face matches.
Issa:
Hey, Nathan.
Welcome to the Party Lyft.
Nathan:
Hey, thanks.
About how long
this gonna take?
We should be there
in 30 minutes.
30 minutes for four miles?
Man, this what I hate
about L.A.
It take a long-ass time
to get anywhere.
Uh, we don't L.A.-bash
in the Party Lyft.
Are you going
to Saddle Ranch
- for dinner?
- Oh, see?
Girl, that's why
he don't like L.A.!
( chatter )
Give her your phone.
- Trust me!
- Hell no.
Let me see it.
Thank you.
- Fixed it.
- ( alert chimes )
Yas, Worldwide Tacos!
OK, barbecue salmon tacos,
here we come.
Oh, I see. So this just
about gettin' you  fed.
Uh, yeah. Keep up.
( girls laugh )
( phone buzzing )
- ( alert chimes )
- Issa: Ooh, yes!
Somebody
want to join our party.
We got time for that?
Plus they not even cute.
Hold up. So...
I made the cut?
- Y'all L.A. chicks be wildin'.
- OK.
We out here tryin'
to get chills just like you.
How far away is he?
It's on the way.
It'll be quick.
Nathan:
Do what you gotta do.
We on your ride.
( hip hop music playing )
Is that him?
Both them niggas
gonna fit back there?
Oh, wait, that's one nigga.
Hi.
- Issa?
- That's me.
Drivin' the Party Lyft.
It's a Party Lyft?
That's what's up! Shit.
Hand me two of them
Capri Suns, then.
Nigga parched.
Gotta see if I have two.
Oh, y'all only have
Fruit Frenzy?
It's a'ight.
Nathan, did you get one?
They only got Fruit Frenzy.
Hey, let's go.
Issa:
♪ Party Lyft,
Party Lyft, Party Lyft ♪
( slurping )
What's up,
little man?
So you goin'
to Hyde Park?
I'm easy. I'ma go
wherever y'all go.
Can you go back there
and buckle up?
Oh, you bossy.
- I likes that.
- Hmm.
It's fine.
Uh, Issa?
We got a little sitch
back there.
Uh, excuse me, sir.
Can that not be happening?
Naw, you good.
Uh, the lady asked you
not to do that.
Y'all bitches said
it's a Party Lyft.
- Wow.
- Tell him. Tell him off.
Nigga tryin' to party.
Yeah, you should...
get another Lyft.
What you doin', bitch!
- Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh!
- Issa, do something!
- Stop fighting!
- That's it?
- I'm driving!
- Nigga, pull over!
- I can't find a parking space.
- Fuck a space!
- I'm gonna get a ticket!
- Issa!
( screaming )
- ( tires squealing )
- Molly: Oh God!
- Stop!
- Aah!
( fighting continues )
Stop spilling my Capri Sun!
( men shouting )
Where you going?!
I'm not tryin' to get--
Come back!
You can't just leave!
- I'm sorry.
- Come back!
( big man groaning )
- You good?
- My eyes.
He not good.
♪ Girl, you're lookin
for somebody ♪
♪ Somebody you can call on ♪
♪ Call on when you
need it done right ♪
♪ If you're lookin'
for a real one ♪
♪ So am I ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
( TV playing )
So you couldn't
text me back last night?
My bad.
I, uh, I fell asleep.
Forgot.
OK, Daniel.
I said sorry, Iss.
What's the problem?
There's no problem.
You've been
letting me stay here for free,
you've been super-generous
with your space,
and the last thing
I want to do
is come at you
like I'm ungrateful,
but... you-- it's--
What's up, Iss?
I know I told you
I didn't care, but I do.
And I still
have feelings for you.
And I'm not saying that
because I want to be with you
or anything--
It's just you said
that you came here
because you wanted
to be close to your job,
now you're telling me
that you got feelings
and shit.
So what is it, a'ight?
'Cause I'm confused.
Both, nigga.
I don't know. I--
You on some bullshit.
Just be real.
I came here because
I knew you'd be here for me.
And I really need someone
like that in my life right now.
It's not easy for me
to admit things
when it comes to us sometimes,
because... you make it hard.
Oh, so I told you
to move in with me. Right.
No.
But Daniel,
don't act all innocent
like you don't know
what you're doing.
You're fucking other girls
in front of me
like we don't have history.
♪ Yellow tinted lenses
and a pink gelato ♪
All right.
♪ Fallin' out the window,
hit me back tomorrow ♪
♪ We'll always be
the one tough act to follow ♪
♪ 'Cause we aimin'
for the stars
♪ With a point and hollow ♪
♪ Feeling these songs,
mocking jokes and carols ♪
♪ I started this job
selling rocks and arrows ♪
( sighs )
♪ 'Cause they only swipe right
if you fuck for follows ♪
H-Hey.
Y-You just let yourself in?
I-- Yeah, my bad.
You weren't answering,
so I--
Oh-- OK.
Hmm.
So, y'all got
in a fight last night?
Oh, God.
You and Issa
do the fucking most.
- Keep talkin' shit.
- Oh?
Yeah. I learned some moves.
- Oh, you did?
- I did. Right here.
- Oh, wow. Show me.
- Bam. Bam. Bam.
( both laughing )
Um, can I, uh...
can I have my key back?
What? That's what
you're thinkin' about
right now?
I meant to ask for it earlier,
but I just--
Can I get it back?
For what?
'Cause it's my key?
Where is this
comin' from?
Dro, I'm trying
to do things better.
OK? This...
this is hard for me.
- Yeah, it's hard for me too!
- How?
You get to have me
when you want, on your terms.
I told you I need boundaries.
Just because you and Candice
get to do whatever
and fuck whomever
don't mean we all want
our shit that messy!
First of all,
don't talk about
what me and my wife do.
All right? So you need
to figure out what you're doing
and what you want.
I know I want my key back.
( sighs )
- I think I'm gonna go.
- I think that's a good idea.
♪ But if we just spoke ♪
♪ Like we meant it ♪
♪ Would you reference ♪
♪ This open part of me ♪
It is I,
Colin Kaepernicca.
( laugh track )
Ain't nobody
got it harder than brothers.
Hashtag KneeToo.
- ( phone buzzing )
-  Yolanda:  Well, sisters
are the backbone
of this country,
and we're reclaiming
our time's up.
( laugh track )
( grunts )
( chuckles )
They rebooted Kev'yn.
Little Chris 45 years old,
still hiding in cabinets.
( both laugh )
- Cops beat you?
- What?
Oh, no. Turns out
I'm highly allergic to pork.
( laugh track )
( phone buzzing )
- All right.
- ( keys jingle )
Well, the spot's
all yours tonight.
Um...
see you later....
roommate.
Hey, Daniel?
Thank you for everything.
Hmm.
( Daniel laughing )
I knew you was gonna do that.
♪ It's both a blessing
and a curse ♪
♪ To feel everything so deeply
like you do, girl ♪
♪ There's been more times
that it hurts ♪
♪ But who said love
was ever easy, girl? ♪
♪ Life's a bitch
and then you die ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la,
la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la-la-la-la, la ♪
♪ Oh, it's easier said
than done ♪
♪ But don't you worry
about those little things
and bigger ♪
♪ To find a relation ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ When you realize there's
no voices in your head, girl ♪
♪ Life's a bitch ♪
♪ And then you die ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la,
la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la-la-la-la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la,
la, la, la ♪
♪ La, la, la-la-la-la, la ♪
It's not great
that there is a white hand
scooping up black kids.
It's not racist 'cause,
it's my hand.
♪ When I roll up
Lookin' hella fine ♪
My credit score
can't be that bad.
The basic credit tiers
are Excellent, Good, Poor, Bad.
This Issa,
it's all way at the bottom.
You know I hate to ask.
Vanessa's not really cool
with you being around,
so maybe I could give you
another week, but then...
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Well, I'll see-- Okay.
♪ Ain't nobody
Gonna do it like me ♪
(SHRIEKS) Oh, that's a hair--
No it's not!
♪ I think they wanna ♪
♪ But ain't nobody
Do it like me ♪